# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Krishnathasan, Thinesiya
### Team Number: 17

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team:

(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Bhut, Mira|||
|Chen, Yijia|||
|Cheng, Yirong|||
|Krishnathasan, Thinesiya|||
|Lin, Stephanie|||
|Slater, Peter|Has great ideas and has good experience in all areas| using IMU to confirm our position in the maze |

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Bhut, Mira| ||
|Chen, Yijia|||
|Cheng, Yirong|||
|Krishnathasan, Thinesiya|||
|Lin, Stephanie|||
|Slater, Peter|||

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.
*Dividing the group up and assigning individule tasks prior to lab and setting goals to reach.  We have an excel sheet with our goals and priority levels and we assign tasks to everyone baste on what they want to work on.* 

(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.
*Generating code to fulfill the Lab or Milestone.  We found it more beneficial to write code that was more modular so it help us incorporate it later.*

(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?
*More open lab is always nice*

(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Bhut, Mira: 0.2 
Chen, Yijia:  0.2
Cheng, Yirong:  0.25
Lin, Stephanie:  0.2
Slater, Peter:  0.15

